gw1.grz1.frostvpn.com austria,graz
gw1.sof1.frostvpn.com bulgaria,sofia *
gw1.yul2.frostvpn.com canada,montreal
gw3.yyz1.frostvpn.com canada,toronto
gw1.yvr1.frostvpn.com canada,vancouver
gw1.kna1.frostvpn.com chile,vinaDelMar
gw1.prg1.frostvpn.com czechRepublic,prague *
gw1.cdg2.frostvpn.com france,paris
gw1.fra1.frostvpn.com germany,frankfurt
gw1.hkg2.frostvpn.com hongKong,hongKong
gw1.bud1.frostvpn.com hungary,budapest
gw1.blr1.frostvpn.com india,bangalore *
gw1.pnq1.frostvpn.com india,pune *
gw1.cgk1.frostvpn.com indonesia,jakarta
gw1.dub1.frostvpn.com ireland,dublin
gw1.mxp1.frostvpn.com italy,milan
gw1.mxp2.frostvpn.com italy,milan
gw1.rix1.frostvpn.com latvia,riga
gw1.kul2.frostvpn.com malaysia,kualaLumpur
gw1.akl1.frostvpn.com newZealand,auckland
gw1.trf1.frostvpn.com norway,torp
gw1.lis1.frostvpn.com portugal,lisbon *
gw1.buh2.frostvpn.com romania,bucharest
gw1.svo2.frostvpn.com russia,moscow
gw1.sin2.frostvpn.com singapore,singapore *
gw1.sin1.frostvpn.com singapore,singapore *
gw1.lju1.frostvpn.com slovenia,ljubljana
gw1.hla1.frostvpn.com southAfrica,lanseria *
gw1.bcn2.frostvpn.com spain,barcelona *
gw1.had2.frostvpn.com sweden,halmstad
gw1.arn2.frostvpn.com sweden,stockholm
gw1.arn3.frostvpn.com sweden,stockholm
gw1.bkk1.frostvpn.com thailand,bangkok
gw1.cvt1.frostvpn.com uk,coventry
gw1.sou1.frostvpn.com uk,eastleighSouthampton
gw2.lhr2.frostvpn.com uk,london
gw1.lhr3.frostvpn.com uk,london
gw1.lhr2.frostvpn.com uk,london
gw2.rcs1.frostvpn.com uk,rochester
gw1.atl1.frostvpn.com us,atlanta
gw2.atl2.frostvpn.com us,atlanta
gw1.bos1.frostvpn.com us,boston
gw1.buf1.frostvpn.com us,buffalo
gw1.ord3.frostvpn.com us,chicago
gw1.ord4.frostvpn.com us,chicago
gw2.ord1.frostvpn.com us,chicago
gw1.cmh1.frostvpn.com us,columbus
gw1.dbq1.frostvpn.com us,dubuque
gw1.avl2.frostvpn.com us,fletcher
gw2.hou1.frostvpn.com us,houston
gw1.mci2.frostvpn.com us,kansasCity
gw1.las1.frostvpn.com us,lasVegas
gw1.lax2.frostvpn.com us,losAngeles
gw1.lga2.frostvpn.com us,newYork
gw1.lga1.frostvpn.com us,newYork
gw2.ewr1.frostvpn.com us,newark
gw1.ewr1.frostvpn.com us,newark
gw2.pao1.frostvpn.com us,paloAlto
gw1.phx2.frostvpn.com us,phoenix
gw1.rbg1.frostvpn.com us,roseburg
gw2.slc1.frostvpn.com us,saltLakeCity
gw1.mul1.frostvpn.com us,sanDiego
gw1.sjc2.frostvpn.com us,sanJose
gw2.sea1.frostvpn.com us,seattle
gw1.stl1.frostvpn.com us,stLouis
